Ogre's Odour
------------

As Kaddok enters the room he looks around nervously. How to get out of this horrific place?
He can deal with the incredible punches that the Ogre's are given him time after time.
Even the dark energy that seems to soak every inch of this giant's hideout isn't really bothering Kaddok that much.
It's no surprise that death magic is so present in a lair of creatures who only enjoy living creatures by torturing them.
So Kaddok was more or less prepared for the constant feeling of loss that an aura of death magic will bring. 
The faul smell of this place however is more than Kaddok can stand.
How can anything live in a place that completely lacks fresh air and is instead drained with a sour odor that one can almost taste?
If only the raging storm outside could reach inside and sweep away the Ogre's stench.
And as if the smell that permeates the entire fortress, of Ogre's sweat mixed with their breath that reminds you of puke, is not bad enough.
The smell in the room the adventures just entered makes Kaddok want to turn and run.

Nothing smells worse than the stench of rotting meat. 
Very silently Kaddok approaches the cauldron that is standing in the middle of the room.
Wary to look inside he takes a peak and immediately averts his eyes as he realizes what is rotting in the pot.
It already struck him that he didn't see many mountain birds in the area.
Now he has a good idea why they've left.
The beast didn't even bother to eat everything and left the heads and wings for the maggots.
Furious Kaddok kicks over the cauldron.
At least nobody will enjoy maggot soup today.
He wishes he could scream out his frustration, but he knows that this would put him and his friends in jeapordy.
Giants may still be about.

However when leaving the kitchen and entering a big hall it becomes obvious that the party has killed all Ogre's and that any survivors have fled.
The big hall turns out to be a forge with many tunnels leading to mines.
Some forges are still smouldering, but have clearly been abandoned in haste.
Castiel suggests to melt all weapons and tools the Ogre's were making for their master.
Who remains illustrious. It's clear though that the party dealt a significant blow to an organisation that tries to harvest souls for their dark purposes.
If only they can stop them completely before more innocents die.
They'll have to start with protecting Sandstone as correspondance the party has found seems to indicate that an attack is imminent.
No time to dwadle.

Fortunetely Castiel has learned a new spell that allows the party to teleport to a place they've been before.
The kid keeps amazing Kaddok, but after their first ever teleport together it's clear that he has still a few things to learn.
Especially how to keep everybodies stomach from turning during the transport. Or were it the Ogre's culinary crimes that still made Kaddok feel sick?
After informing the sheriff of Turtleback Ferry that the immediate danger of the Ogre's has been afferted
and after receiving the gratitude of the city the party went to do the hard part. Tell X about the loss of her loved one.

Kaddok was slightly relieved that they would enjoy a boatride through the swamp to get to the ghost who used to be a nymph.
It's funny how the still water and swamp fauna is not so bad once you've smelled Ogre's.
When meeting X her heart was clearly broken, but also her gratitude for bringing the body of Y back to her was very tanglible.
Especially for Heboric who received a lock of her hair. Kaddok couldn't help but feel a bit of jealousy at such a powerful gift from a friend of his former teacher.
Amazingly X started to embue her life energy into Y and he revived from death.
It was a beautiful sight to see and the whole party was happy to hear that Y would be defending these lands against evil in honour of X.

The next stop for the party was to go to Maginimar where we talked to the lord-mayor and convinced him that it would be in his own interest to defend his assets in the East.
The man endlessly annoyed Kaddok with his crooked priorities, but was glad to hear that their interests aligned, for now.
After that they went shoping for equipment. The party soon had to face a Dragon, so they better go prepared...


Some more notes
---------------

A few more things we did:
* We teleported to Sandpoint
* We've discovered we'll be facing a red Dragon
* We've prepared for a battle in the city with different squads. Each led by a hero.
* Heboric watched the gate
* Castiel looked over the first bridge, while Draconis watched the second
* Both bridges were prepared to set on fire
* Ramps were created to allow for an easier defence
* Kaddok would fly and try to confront the Dragon in the air when possible

Then the battle started:
* Castiel cast confusion, making the Bear's bit themselves
* Kaddok struck some giants with thunder and engaged in melee combat after protecting himself as much as possible
* Draconis left his post looking for Giant blood once he heard the battle commence
* Heboric fiercly defended the gate and was able to strike some giants with a ball of flame

